---
title: About
---
## Company Background
Rotable Repairs Ltd. is a UK based EASA Parts 145, FAA Part 145 and TCCA Transport Canada approved aircraft repair station. Since the company formed in March 2002 it has been dedicated to Aviation Wheel and Brake Services and is committed to delivering high quality, cost-effective products and services to Airlines, Hangar Facilities and Stockists. Our team of staff are available to offer a friendly, professional service that is based on an experienced understanding of the aviation industry.
## Facilities, Workshops and Capability
The Rotable Repairs’ Wheel and Brake facility has been meticulously planned to ensure a complete and efficient workshop experience and boasts an impressive 49,000 sq. ft of office and workshop space. Our workshop capability includes full in-house testing, inspection, repair and overhaul of most regional, commercial, military and corporate aircraft wheels, brakes, landing gear, freight locking system components, hydraulics, actuators, valves and accumulators. In addition to our workshop capability is an N.D.T (Non Destructive Testing) department.

Rotable Repairs has capability on most of the leading OEM’s equipment including Boeing, Dunlop, Collins, Honeywell, Safran, Meggitt ABS, Fairey, APPH and many more, please use the Capability search page of this website for full details. We specialise in the repair, sale and purchase of components and materials for narrow and wide-body jets.
## Market Position
The airline component MRO industry has gone through a rapid change as airlines seeking cost and service improvements have shifted from in-house to outsourced maintenance. In consideration of the market and growth in this area, Rotable Repairs as an independent company is positioned to offer a more responsive and customised service than its competitors that can be tailored to meet the specific requirements of your organisation. Whether your operation is scheduled, charter, passenger or cargo, our goals are to provide excellent products and services that also improve on your current costs and delivery time.
## UK and International Operations
Rotable Repairs premises is based in Southend-on-Sea, Essex, located in the South East of England, close to Southend Airport and within a time range of 90 minutes from London Heathrow, Gatwick, Stansted, London City and Luton airports. Our company operations reach from across the UK to many international destinations within Europe, U.S, Canada, Middle and Far East.